OBSDOCS-1226: Logging 5.8.11 release notes (#80343)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/logging-release-notes-5-8-11.adoc

// module included in /logging/logging-5-8-release-notes
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-11_{context}"]
= Logging 5.8.11
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:5124[OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.8.11] and link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:5123[OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.8.11].

[id="logging-release-notes-5-8-11-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, the TLS section was added without verifying the broker URL schema, leading to SSL connection errors if the URLs didn't start with `tls`. With this update, the TLS section is added only if broker URLs start with `tls`, preventing SSL connection errors. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5139[LOG-5139])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the TLS section was added without verifying the broker URL schema, leading to SSL connection errors if the URLs did not start with `tls`. With this update, the TLS section is added only if broker URLs start with `tls`, preventing SSL connection errors. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5139[LOG-5139])
```

> * Before this update, the Loki Operator did not trigger alerts when it dropped log events due to validation failures. With this update, the Loki Operator includes a new alert definition that triggers an alert if Loki drops log events due to validation failures. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5896[LOG-5896])

Reviewer: Not sure if it's appropriate to refer to "Loki" anthropomorphically, or if it should always be "Loki Operator".

Reviewer 2: Only using "Loki" instead of "Loki Operator" in the second part of the sentence is intentional. The operator is not dropping log events, Loki does that.

> * Before this update, the 4.16 GA catalog did not include Elasticsearch Operator 5.8, preventing the installation of products like Servicemesh, Kiali, and Tracing. With this update, Elasticsearch Operator 5.8 is now available on 4.16, resolving the issue and providing support for Elasticsearch storage for these products only. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5911[LOG-5911])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the 4.16 GA catalog did not include Elasticsearch Operator 5.8, preventing the installation of products like Service Mesh, Kiali, and Tracing. With this update, Elasticsearch Operator 5.8 is now available on 4.16, resolving the issue and providing support for Elasticsearch storage for these products only. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5911[LOG-5911])
```

> * Before this update, duplicate conditions in the LokiStack resource status led to invalid metrics from the Loki Operator. With this update, the operator removes duplicate conditions from the status. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5857[LOG-5857])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, duplicate conditions in the LokiStack resource status led to invalid metrics from the Loki Operator. With this update, the Operator removes duplicate conditions from the status. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5857[LOG-5857])
```
